Add documentation about custom samplers (#721)
signalfx/splunk-otel-java: docs/samplers.md

## Sampling configuration

| System property          | Environment variable     | Default value  | Support | Description |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------ | -------------- | ------- | ----------- |
| `otel.traces.sampler`    | `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER`     | `always_on`    | Stable  | The sampler to use for tracing.	|

Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java supports all standard samplers as provided by
[OpenTelemetry Java SDK Autoconfigure](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/tree/main/sdk-extensions/autoconfigure#sampler).

> In addition, we add the following two samplers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the distribution adds the following samplers:
```

### internal_root_off

> Setting `otel.traces.sampler` to `internal_root_off` will drop all traces with root spans where `spanKind` is `INTERNAL`, `CLIENT` or `PRODUCER`.
> This setting only keeps root spans where `spanKind` is `SERVER` and `CONSUMER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `otel.traces.sampler` to `internal_root_off` drops all traces with root spans where `spanKind` is `INTERNAL`, `CLIENT` or `PRODUCER`. This setting only keeps root spans where `spanKind` is `SERVER` and `CONSUMER`.
```

### rules

> This sampler allows to ignore individual endpoints and drop all traces that would originate from them.
> It applies only to spans with `SERVER` kind.
> For example, the following configuration results in all requests to `/healthcheck` to be excluded from monitoring:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sampler allows to ignore individual endpoints and drop all traces that originate from them.
It applies only to spans with `SERVER` kind.

For example, the following configuration results in all requests to `/healthcheck` to be excluded from monitoring:
```
